Update DESCRIPTION.md (#622)
OCA/maintainer-tools: template/module/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

[ This file must be max 2-3 paragraphs, and is required.

The goal of this document is to explain quickly the features of this module: “what” this module does and “what” it is for. ]

> This module extends the functionality of ... to support ... and to allows user to ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:

This module extends the functionality of ... to support ... and to allows user to ...
```

> This module extends the functionality of ... to support ... and to allows user to ...

Reviewer 2: There's a typo:

```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of ... to support ... and to allow users to ...
```
